then bildad the shuhite answered how
then bildad the shuhite answered how long will you speak these things in the
long will you speak these things in the
long will you speak these things in the words of your mouth be like a strong
words of your mouth be like a strong
words of your mouth be like a strong wind does God subvert judgment or does
wind does God subvert judgment or does
wind does God subvert judgment or does the almighty pervert justice if you our
the almighty pervert justice if you our
the almighty pervert justice if you our sons have sinned against him he has cast
sons have sinned against him he has cast
sons have sinned against him he has cast them away for their transgression if you
them away for their transgression if you
them away for their transgression if you would earn ously seek God and make your
would earn ously seek God and make your
would earn ously seek God and make your supplication to the Almighty if you were
supplication to the Almighty if you were
supplication to the Almighty if you were pure and upright surely now he would
pure and upright surely now he would
pure and upright surely now he would awake for you and prosper your rightful
awake for you and prosper your rightful
awake for you and prosper your rightful dwelling place though your beginning was
dwelling place though your beginning was
dwelling place though your beginning was small yet your latter end would increase
small yet your latter end would increase
small yet your latter end would increase abundantly for inquire please of the
abundantly for inquire please of the
abundantly for inquire please of the former age and consider the things
former age and consider the things
former age and consider the things discovered by their fathers for we were
discovered by their fathers for we were
discovered by their fathers for we were born yesterday and know nothing because
born yesterday and know nothing because
born yesterday and know nothing because our days on earth are a shadow will they
our days on earth are a shadow will they
our days on earth are a shadow will they not teach you and tell you and utter
not teach you and tell you and utter
not teach you and tell you and utter words from their heart can the papyrus
words from their heart can the papyrus
words from their heart can the papyrus grow up without a marsh can the reeds
grow up without a marsh can the reeds
grow up without a marsh can the reeds flourish without water while it is yet
flourish without water while it is yet
flourish without water while it is yet green and not cut down it withers before
green and not cut down it withers before
green and not cut down it withers before any other plant so are the paths of all
any other plant so are the paths of all
any other plant so are the paths of all who forget God and the hope of the
who forget God and the hope of the
who forget God and the hope of the hypocrites Shall Perish whose confidence
hypocrites Shall Perish whose confidence
hypocrites Shall Perish whose confidence shall be cut off and whose Trust is a
shall be cut off and whose Trust is a
shall be cut off and whose Trust is a spider's web he leans on his house but
spider's web he leans on his house but
spider's web he leans on his house but it does not stand he holds it fast but
it does not stand he holds it fast but
it does not stand he holds it fast but it does not endure he grows green and
it does not endure he grows green and
it does not endure he grows green and the Sun and his branches spread out in
the Sun and his branches spread out in
the Sun and his branches spread out in his garden
his garden
his garden his roots wrap around the rock heap and
his roots wrap around the rock heap and
his roots wrap around the rock heap and look for a place in the stones
look for a place in the stones
look for a place in the stones if he is destroyed from his place then
if he is destroyed from his place then
if he is destroyed from his place then it will deny him saying I have not seen
it will deny him saying I have not seen
it will deny him saying I have not seen you behold this is the joy of his way
you behold this is the joy of his way
you behold this is the joy of his way and out of the earth
and out of the earth
and out of the earth others will grow behold God will not
others will grow behold God will not
others will grow behold God will not cast away the blameless nor will he
cast away the blameless nor will he
cast away the blameless nor will he uphold the evil doers he will yet to
uphold the evil doers he will yet to
uphold the evil doers he will yet to fill your mouth with laughing and your
fill your mouth with laughing and your
fill your mouth with laughing and your lips with rejoicing those who hate you
lips with rejoicing those who hate you
lips with rejoicing those who hate you will be clothed with shame and the
will be clothed with shame and the
will be clothed with shame and the dwelling place of the wicked will come
dwelling place of the wicked will come
dwelling place of the wicked will come to nothing
to nothing
to nothing [Music]